>> Steve Kinney: The next thing, so
we used the built-in Tessel library, but
as I said earlier, we're using
the Johnny-Five inventor's kit.
So what is Johnny-Five?
Johnny-Five is a really cool project that
is effectively an abstraction over
a number of different boards.
So you can write Johnny-Five code,
different boards have different ports and
stuff along those lines.
It basically allows you to
work with an Arduino, or
a Tessel, or a Raspberry Pi, or
any different device that you might have.
As we work today,
some of the specifics will be
the different pins that we're using.
But theoretically,
if you had a different device at
home.and you just wanted to
match it to different pins,
you could run the same code cuz
an abstraction over all of that.
There's also a lot of really
useful helper methods.
There we were like we had Tessel.led,
which because we were using array indices,
we could see that was an array,
or find the right one.
Johnny-Five just gives us a whole bunch of
really useful helper methods that make it
really easy to do really cool
things with our hardware.
And because it's nice and agnostic to
the actual device that we're using,
it makes it easy to port.
Again, you might have to change some pins,
but
generally speaking, you can take code and
run it on different devices cuz it
handles all of that under the hood.
A nice way to think about it is, you think
about like JQuery, which used to take all
the different browser Inconsistencies or
differences and abstract over them.
So you could write JQuery code and it will
run in Internet Explorer or Firefox or
whatever, and it's a very similar concept.
It's got, like I said before,
a lot of really, really great helpers.
We're gonna do an access,
we're actually going to start
plugging stuff into those GPIO ports.
And the very first thing we're going
to do is take one of our own LEDs and
actually plug it in and make it
blink instead of the built-in ones.